I feel like people like to order mussels
attic restaurants but they don't usually
make them in their home because they're
scared of them and they are so easy it's
actually think of them like shrimp or
you know even clams they are so simple
and beautiful so I came up with this
recipe because I just love garlic and
white wine that quintessential French
flavoring this is the perfect sauce for
mussels they steam and absorb all those
flavors and dipping the bread in is like
heaven it is so good I could drink this
stuff like soup so once you have your
mussels you want to take them out of the
fridge and rinse them in water the beard
of a mussel is sometimes attached and it
basically looks like this scraggly piece
of lint or something on the outer shell
it's pretty easy to take off but you
just have to give it some gusto throw
the onion and the garlic in some butter
and olive oil and get that going in your
pot to release all that yummy fragrant
fresh flavoring saute it for a few
minutes and then add the wine in along
with the mussels
discard any mussels that are already
open that means that they're not good to
cook with it cover the pot and those are
gonna steam for just about three to five
minutes what I do is I like to buy a big
country style loaf the bigger the bread
the better for me because I love this
sauce I like to cut my bread into big
chunks brush it with olive oil on both
sides and then grill it for about three
minutes per side so it gets that nice
char mark on there after the mussels are
done I bring them to the table in my big
leg hosay and serve them out of that you
can easily spoon them on to a big
platter or in individual bowls but make
sure to give lots of broth to people
because that's the best part
serve it alongside with the bread for
dipping and sprinkle it with fresh
parsley and fresh lemon slices it is
heaven in a dish